support openfaas && prometheus as first extended workload (#481)
oam-dev/rudr: docs/concepts/core-workloads.md

> # Core Workloads

Reviewer: This part is talking about `Workloads`.

|[Worker](#worker)|core.oam.dev/v1alpha1.Worker|No|Yes|Yes
|[Singleton Worker](#singleton-worker)|core.oam.dev/v1alpha1.SingletonWorker|No|No|Yes

> You could refer to [Extended workloads](extended-workloads.md) to known more about extended workloads implementation in rudr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rudr also support Extended Workloads. Please refer to [Extended workloads](extended-workloads.md) to known more about extended workloads implementation in rudr.
```
